API change stop_strategy to stopping_strategy (#274)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/whats_new.rst

  ``value`` key instead of ``objective_value``, by `Thomas Moreau`_ and
  `Alexandre Gramfort`_ (gh:`200`).

> - 'stop_strategy' attribute is replaced by 'stopping_strategy' to harmonize
>   with 'stopping_criterion'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'stop_strategy' attribute for solvers is renamed 'stopping_strategy'
   to be consistent with 'stopping_criterion',
   by `Benoit Malezieux`_ (gh:`274`).
```

Also add a link to your github profile at the end of the file.
